# Single-Channel-Queuing-Problem by using Python
Poisson random variable is typically used to model the number of times an event happened in a time interval. For example, the number of users visited on a website in an interval can be thought of a Poisson process. Poisson distribution is described in terms of the rate (μ) at which the events happen. An event can occur 0, 1, 2, … times in an interval. The average number of events in an interval is designated λ (lambda). Lambda is the event rate, also called the rate parameter.

The exponential distribution describes the time between events in a Poisson point process, i.e., a process in which events occur continuously and independently at a constant average rate. 

So for Poisson Distribution we use mu=5.6 and size=19 .Because for the first customer interarrival time is always none(0) thats why we use size=19. So for Exponential Distribution we use scale=1,loc=0,size=20. Then we find the arrival time using the formula :current customer interarrival time + previous customer arrival time and implement it in a for loop. Then we find out service time using Exponential Distribution using the above values. For Time service begin time we use the formula : if (current customer arrival time < previous customer Time service Ends time ) then current customer Time service Begin time = previous customer Time service Ends time ELSE current customer arrival time. For time service ends time we use we use the formula : current customer time service begin time + current custome service time. For waiting time, using formula: if (current customer arrival time < previous customer time service ends time ) then Previous customer time service ends time - current customer arrival time ELSE "Zero". Then finding the customer who wait by counting value of waiting time which is greater than "Zero".And implemented the logic in for loop. For Time Customer Spends in System(min) = waiting time + service time and implemented the logic in for loop. For idle time , we use formula: if (previous customer time service ends time < current customer arrival time ) then current customer arrival time - previous customer time service ends time ELSE "Zero". Finally generating the whole single channel queue table. And also find out the Average number of customer waiting and Average waiting time for a customer.
